python/triqs_ctint/parameters_solve_params_t.rst, before:

+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter Name       | Type                                 | Default                                        | Documentation                                             |
+======================+======================================+================================================+===========================================================+
| h_int                | triqs::operators::many_body_operator | --                                             | Interaction Hamiltonian                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_s                  | int                                  | 1                                              | Number of auxiliary spins                                 |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| alpha                | triqs_ctint::alpha_t                 | --                                             | Alpha parameter                                           |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_cycles             | int                                  | --                                             | Number of MC cycles                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| length_cycle         | int                                  | 50                                             | Length of a MC cycles                                     |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_warmup_cycles      | int                                  | 5000                                           | Number of warmup cycles                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| random_seed          | int                                  | 34788+928374*triqs::mpi::communicator().rank() | Random seed of the random generator                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| random_name          | std::string                          | ""                                             | Name of the random generator                              |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| use_double_insertion | bool                                 | false                                          | Use double insertion                                      |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| max_time             | int                                  | -1                                             | Maximum running time in seconds (-1 : no limit)           |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| verbosity            | int                                  | triqs::mpi::communicator().rank()==0?3:0       | Verbosity                                                 |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_average_sign | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure the MC sign                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_average_k    | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure the average perturbation order                    |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_histogram    | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure the average perturbation order distribution       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M_tau        | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure M(tau)                                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M_iw         | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M(iomega) using nfft                              |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M4_iw        | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M4(iw) NFFT                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_M4              | int                                  | 32                                             | Number of positive Matsubara frequencies in M4            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3pp_iw      | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3pp(iw)                                          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3ph_iw      | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3ph(iw)                                          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_M3              | int                                  | 64                                             | Number of positive fermionic Matsubara frequencies in M3  |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iW_M3              | int                                  | 32                                             | Number of positive bosonic Matsubara frequencies in M3    |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3pp_tau     | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3pp(tau)                                         |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3ph_tau     | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3ph(tau)                                         |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_tau_M3             | int                                  | 1000                                           | Number of imaginary time points in M3                     |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chi2pp_tau   | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chi2pp by insertion                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chi2ph_tau   | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chi2ph by insertion                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_tau_chi2           | int                                  | 10000                                          | Number of imaginary time points in chi2                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_chi2            | int                                  | 128                                            | Number of positive Matsubara frequencies in chi2          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chiAB_tau    | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chiAB by insertion                             |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| chi_A_vec            | std::vector<many_body_operator>      | {}                                             | The list of all operators A                               |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| chi_B_vec            | std::vector<many_body_operator>      | {}                                             | The list of all operators B                               |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| nfft_buf_size        | int                                  | 500                                            | Size of the Nfft buffer                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| post_process         | bool                                 | true                                           | Perform post processing                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Add density measure by insertion

python/triqs_ctint/parameters_solve_params_t.rst, after:

+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter Name       | Type                                 | Default                                        | Documentation                                             |
+======================+======================================+================================================+===========================================================+
| h_int                | triqs::operators::many_body_operator | --                                             | Interaction Hamiltonian                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_s                  | int                                  | 1                                              | Number of auxiliary spins                                 |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| alpha                | triqs_ctint::alpha_t                 | --                                             | Alpha parameter                                           |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_cycles             | int                                  | --                                             | Number of MC cycles                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| length_cycle         | int                                  | 50                                             | Length of a MC cycles                                     |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_warmup_cycles      | int                                  | 5000                                           | Number of warmup cycles                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| random_seed          | int                                  | 34788+928374*triqs::mpi::communicator().rank() | Random seed of the random generator                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| random_name          | std::string                          | ""                                             | Name of the random generator                              |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| use_double_insertion | bool                                 | false                                          | Use double insertion                                      |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| max_time             | int                                  | -1                                             | Maximum running time in seconds (-1 : no limit)           |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| verbosity            | int                                  | triqs::mpi::communicator().rank()==0?3:0       | Verbosity                                                 |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_average_sign | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure the MC sign                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_average_k    | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure the average perturbation order                    |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_histogram    | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure the average perturbation order distribution       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_density      | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure the density matrix by operator insertion          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M_tau        | bool                                 | true                                           | Measure M(tau)                                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M_iw         | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M(iomega) using nfft                              |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M4_iw        | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M4(iw) NFFT                                       |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_M4              | int                                  | 32                                             | Number of positive Matsubara frequencies in M4            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3pp_iw      | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3pp(iw)                                          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3ph_iw      | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3ph(iw)                                          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_M3              | int                                  | 64                                             | Number of positive fermionic Matsubara frequencies in M3  |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iW_M3              | int                                  | 32                                             | Number of positive bosonic Matsubara frequencies in M3    |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3pp_tau     | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3pp(tau)                                         |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_M3ph_tau     | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure M3ph(tau)                                         |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_tau_M3             | int                                  | 1000                                           | Number of imaginary time points in M3                     |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chi2pp_tau   | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chi2pp by insertion                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chi2ph_tau   | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chi2ph by insertion                            |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_tau_chi2           | int                                  | 10000                                          | Number of imaginary time points in chi2                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| n_iw_chi2            | int                                  | 128                                            | Number of positive Matsubara frequencies in chi2          |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| measure_chiAB_tau    | bool                                 | false                                          | Measure of chiAB by insertion                             |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| chi_A_vec            | std::vector<many_body_operator>      | {}                                             | The list of all operators A                               |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| chi_B_vec            | std::vector<many_body_operator>      | {}                                             | The list of all operators B                               |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| nfft_buf_size        | int                                  | 500                                            | Size of the Nfft buffer                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| post_process         | bool                                 | true                                           | Perform post processing                                   |
+----------------------+--------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
